NAME
    Perinci - Collection of Perl modules for Rinci and Riap

VERSION
    version 0.07

DESCRIPTION
    Perinci is a collection of modules for implementing/providing tools
    pertaining to Rinci and Riap, spread over several distributions for
    faster incremental releases. These tools include:

    *   Wrapper

        Perinci::Sub::Wrapper is the subroutine wrapper which
        implements/enforces many of the metadata properties, like argument
        validation (using information in "args") as well as offers features
        like convert argument passing style, automatically envelope function
        result, etc.

        It is extensible so you can implement wrapper for your properties
        too.

    *   Riap clients and servers (Perinci::Access::*)

        Perinci::Access::InProcess is a client/server (well, neither really,
        since everything is in-process) to access Perl modules/functions
        using the Riap protocol. It is basically a way to call your
        modules/functions using URI syntax; it also dictates a bit on how
        you should write your functions and where to put the metadata,
        though it provides a lot of flexibility.

        Perinci::Access::HTTP::Client and Perinci::Access::HTTP::Server is a
        pair of client/server library to access Perl modules/functions using
        Riap over HTTP, implementing the Riap::HTTP specification.

        Perinci::Access::TCP::Client and Perinci::Access::TCP::Server is a
        pair of client/server library to access Perl modules/functions using
        Riap over TCP, implementing the Riap::TCP specification.

        Perinci::Access is a simple wrapper for all Riap clients, you give
        it a URL/module name/whatever and it will try to select the
        appropriate Riap client for you.

    *   Command-line libraries

        Perinci::CmdLine is an extensible and featureful command-line
        library to create command-line programs and API clients. Features
        include: transparent remote access (thanks to Riap::HTTP),
        command-line options parsing, --help message, shell tab completion,
        etc.

    *   Documentation tools

        See CPAN for Perinci::Package::To::POD, Perinci::Sub::To::POD,
        Perinci::Sub::To::Text::Usage, Perinci::Sub::To::HTML, and other
        Perinci::To::* modules.

    *   Function/metadata generators

        These are convenient tools to generate common/generic function
        and/or metadata. For example, Perinci::Sub::Gen::AccessTable can
        generate accessor function + metadata for table data.

        See CPAN for more Perinci::Sub::Gen::* modules.

    *   Others

        Samples: Perinci::Use, Perinci::Exporter.

        See CPAN for more Perinci::* modules.

    To get started, read Perinci::Access::InProcess which will tell you on
    how to write your functions and where to put the metadata. Or, if you
    only want to access existing code/metadata, head over to Perinci::Access
    or Perinci::CmdLine.

    To declare and implement a new function metadata property, see example
    in one of the "Perinci-Sub-property-*" modules, like
    Perinci::Sub::property::timeout.

    To declare and implement a new function feature, see example in one of
    the "Perinci-Sub-feature-*" modules, like Perinci::Sub::feature::foo.

    To declare and implement a new function dependency type, see example in
    one of the "Perinci-Sub-dep-*" modules, like Perinci::Sub::dep::pm.

STATUS
    Some modules have been implemented, some (including important ones) have
    not. See details on CPAN.

FAQ
  What does Perinci mean?
    Perinci is taken from Indonesian word, meaning: to specify, to explain
    in more detail. It can also be an abbreviation for "Perl implementation
    of Rinci".

SEE ALSO
    Rinci

AUTHOR
    Steven Haryanto <stevenharyanto@gmail.com>

COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE
    This software is copyright (c) 2012 by Steven Haryanto.

    This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
    the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

